blog post about conda-forge (#77)
pypy/pypy.org: pages/download.rst

.. description:

We provide pre-compiled binaries for many platforms and OSes. There are also
pre-compiled binaries available on `conda-forge`_. We have found conda-forge
a convenient and cooperative community for distributing not only the
interpreter, but many binary packages like SciPy which may not be available

> on PyPI.

Reviewer: this is a bit ambiguous. SciPy is available on PyPI for PyPy, right? just not as a binary package.

> interpreter, but many binary packages like SciPy which may not be available
> on PyPI.

Author: ```suggestion
interpreter, but many packages like SciPy that are difficult to build and 
which do not yet have binary PyPy builds available on PyPI.
```
